Add header component. (#83)
infinum/eightshift-frontend-libs: blocks/init/src/blocks/components/header/docs/readme.md

# Header Component

A component used for setting the site's header. Should be used (only once) in `header.php`

## Dependencies

None.

_Default usage in Eightshift Boilerplate's `header.php` is dependant on the following components:_
```
components/hamburger
components/menu
components/logo
components/drawer
```

## Attributes

> * _@param_ **blockClass** | `string` | default: `"header"` | Component's class. If modifying make sure the provide the default class as well (see example call).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* _@param_ **blockClass** | `string` | default: `"header"` | Components' class. If modifying make sure the provide the default class as well (see an example call).
```
